twenty-eight-year-old Donna who's been
blind since birth is about to realize
one of her ambitions stroking an
elephant people can describe something
to you but there's nothing like actually
touching it for yourself you know I've
always heard so much about elephants are
so intelligent that you know majestic
that you know I I just really want to
feel Dutchess and gay are happy to
oblige it's over to senior keeper Bryan
for the introduction she wants me our
girls then I do indeed yeah have you
ever met an elephant before you know
obviously read about them this is done
just put your trunk this is a true it's
like straw yeah do you want some carrots
that I just hope stop my face to the end
of her trial you can feel it she's got
two little two little fingers like that
oh that so she takes so how many of
these like apples and carrots would she
in a day
they have about thirty apples it's
better than ours portabellas eats a
large body parents about the potatoes by
the sweets today people girls of hey
tubers of straw and there was all this
throwing about 35 gallons of water each
I wouldn't like to knock one out just
their face just
it's just brilliant to sort of be able
to be there to see that it's just like
must be amazing for you know the whole
sort of experience it's give me a buzz I
never never thought they'd be like that
fight their trunks old Duchesse o trot
when I was giving you a carrot just like
a little ham coming out and taking it I
don't know what to say speechless ladies